Capital, deepest life
The Great Imperial Battle
Preآushi Burning Erik
The military aircraft illuminating the sky,
the Japanese are the best.
The symbol of the power of the empire,
the symbol of the Mi-Kunin.
The military aircraft that are wise
in the light of the Mi-Kunin
are the
flag of the Japanese imperialist power.
The mission of the Japanese imperialist power
is to advance the whole world.
The military aircraft illuminating the sky,
the symbol of the power of the Mi-Kunin
is the flag of the Japanese imperialist power
The mission of the Japanese imperialist power
is to advance the whole world.
The military aircraft illuminating the sky,
the symbol of the power of the Mi-Kunin
is the flag of the Japanese imperialist power
The military aircraft illuminating the sky,
the symbol of the power of the Mi-Kunin
is the flag of the Japanese imperialist power
The military aircraft illuminating the sky,
the symbol of the power of the Mi-Kunin
is the flag of the Japanese imperialist power
The military aircraft illuminating the sky,
the symbol of the power of the Mi-Kunin
is the flag of the Japanese imperialist power
The military aircraft illuminating the sky,
Until the end of time, let's shine bright!
The End